they can afford time out
so this is the fishing season all they
have to do is wait
and wait
sparring passes the time for the young
males and diffuses aggression
it's also a spectator sport
but when the wait is long it's easy to
miss the moment when it finally arrived
Oh
open-water fishing is challenging but
still worth a try
as tens of thousands of salmon gather at
the river mouth the odds shortly
the salmon run is picnic time for teddy
bears even the older bears can't contain
their excitement the youngsters need all
the practice they can again
this snorkeling technique is only used
by experienced fairies the salmon run
lasts for only five weeks in late summer
and attracts bears from a hundred
kilometers away
the older bears quickly claim their
fishing rights youngsters are stuck with
whatever is left
while some strike it lucky others
discover just how easily their food can
slip away
and it's so easy to get distracted
each pair develops a tone technique
often learnt from its mother
you